look red light coming here right now
okay dude so we should do it first right
Friday's we could do like this
take that thing to a board chase
fulfillment and then we'll do like a
triple perspective record River dream
like split screen every angle but this
will be roughly for a nightmare room for
a dude first try Friday circling that's
a nightmare Eli you just got here Eli
come over here I'm so glad I got mine
out of the way requiem for a nightmare
they reckon for a nightmare so we're
gonna do first track Friday well you're
gonna go at peace
so dude it would be good if we can get
like yeah this doesn't get in the way
yeah you're fine
and then also it's gonna take up in your
board should we have it facing the
ground or should we have it well no you
should point push the button then tape
it are you gonna do that yeah you steal
again seems melon lips eyes crying yeah
hey if you're taping in the back can you
do something nollie cuz then at least
you can see how expensive these things
in case this looks safe
maybe hiding all right yeah cuz then you
could take this engineer I'm just a
muscle you know or not good nollie oh
yeah look at that
perfect I wanna go pro you started look
up okay now you're getting Mike
Inspector Gadget
Go Go Go Pro nollie but come on what do
you do get a nollie live because that
might okay you have one try this that's
gonna be way more impact so you might
wanna maybe their final cool instincts
maybe walk your board over hey wait hang
on Hannah really kind of crazy
in the house over there
it's alright it's so according to this
you're live let's just put it right down
on your face in the trap
what is that like a feeble it coughs it
I was oh yeah we need a full tape job
yeah we're gonna have to take her and
it's still going dude we recycle our
stuff then we feel the weight a little
bit yeah yeah there's a lot of teams I
just did this I think it's good yeah
this is it that's there and then taping
the tape on the tape on the tail yeah
you got it right here then it won't go
anywhere okay we should do first try the
barrel
hey hey is that things really yeah if it
stopped blinking them it's frozen now
it's just buck oh well so it's a rat
that angle might be a wrap
I think we should go duct-tape weights
off skate around you watch it
you